Update writing-tests.md with test contract address. (#63)
onbjerg/foundry-book: src/forge/writing-tests.md

    ```
<br>

> Tests are deployed to `0xb4c79dab8f259c7aee6e5b2aa729821864227e84`. If you deploy a contract within your test, then `0xb4c...7e84` will be its deployer. If the contract deployed within a test gives special permissions to its deployer, such as Ownable.sol's onlyOwner modifier, then the test contract `0xb4c...7e84` will have those permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests are deployed to `0xb4c79dab8f259c7aee6e5b2aa729821864227e84`. If you deploy a contract within your test, then `0xb4c...7e84` will be its deployer. If the contract deployed within a test gives special permissions to its deployer, such as `Ownable.sol`'s `onlyOwner` modifier, then the test contract `0xb4c...7e84` will have those permissions.
```
